<<README.adoc#,Home>>

= Simulator

____
The Flash simulator shows a very early stage of our mesh development. It
is useful for showing the mesh basics, but does not reflect the current
state of our implementation. Have a look at <<CherrySim.adoc#,CherrySim>>
for our new simulator.
____

There is a mesh simulator available in the `fruitymesh/sim/` folder that
demonstrates the functionality of the algorithm. You can start it by
either executing the .swf file directly or by opening the html page.

image:img/simulator.png[Simulator]

== Usage The simulator will start with a basic configuration that
contains a few nodes, the ClusterScore is only calculated by using the
clusterSize and the free connections that a node has. You start the
Simulation by clicking on *Start Advertising*. The nodes will then
advertise to their neighbours and will connect or disconnect based on
the algorithm. You can see some statistics in the textbox in the lower
left. You can find info about the individual nodes by hovering over them
with your mouse cursor.

For more detailed information on the algorithm have a look at
<<The-FruityMesh-Algorithm.adoc#,The FruityMesh Algorithm>>

==== Modifying the nodes A number of random nodes can be created by
entering their number and clicking on *Create Random nodes*. Moreover,
you can add a new node by double-clicking anywhere in the empty space of
the simulation. Nodes can be moved via drag and drop and their send
range can be modified by hovering over the node and rotating the mouse
wheel. Removing a node is supported by `Alt + Mouse click`.

==== Importing or exporting node configurations You can export a json of
the current node configuration and copy/paste it in your favourite text
editor so you can import it again later.

==== Sending Data You can send a data packet through the mesh by doing
`Ctrl + Mouse click` onany node. Data flow is illustrated as
green-flashing arrows in one direction and blue-flashing arrows in the
other direction.
